Replace pod for instances with changed file security context (#2014)
FoundationDB/fdb-kubernetes-operator: docs/manual/replacements_and_deletions.md

We use three examples below to illustrate how to set up the feature.

## Automatic Replacement of Pods with SecurityContext changes

> Changes in SecurityContext - file ownership ones specifically - can cause problems where FDB is able to read but not write 
> files.  This can cause weird behavior with FDB's atomic writes.  If the Operator setting `ReplaceOnSecurityContextChange` 
> is set to `true`, the Operator can automatically replace pods which have changes to any of the following fields: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes in SecurityContext - file ownership ones specifically - can cause problems where FDB is not able to use (read or write) the
files.  This can potentially lead to an outage and unavailability of the cluster.  If the Operator command line parameter `--replace-on-security-context-change` 
is set to `true`, the Operator can automatically replace pods which have changes to any of the following fields: 
```

> `FSGroup`, `FSGroupChangePolicy`, `RunAsGroup`, `RunAsUser`.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FSGroup`, `FSGroupChangePolicy`, `RunAsGroup`, `RunAsUser`.
```
